doc: create rules overview for SB and CBA rules (#761)
open-energy-transition/open-tyndp: doc/cba_rules.md

<!-- SPDX-FileCopyrightText: Contributors to Open-TYNDP <https://github.com/open-energy-transition/open-tyndp> -->
<!-- SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-4.0 -->

# Cost-Benefit Analysis (CBA)

> The Cost-Benefit Analysis (CBA) workflow is implemented in `rules/cba.smk`. Rules are organised into stages: `Retrieve`, `Build MSV`, `Build rolling`, `Postprocess`, `Benchmarking` and `Collect`.

Reviewer: Similar comment to the SB rules. I would suggest renaming
- Benchmarking -> Benchmark
- extra sentence for `Collect` group

Add a rule group `Solve` for the solving similar as in upstream with the rules
`solve_cba_msv_extraction, solve_cba_reference_network, solve_cba_network`
Or when you think it is worth it to keep the chronological order add to new groups `Solve MSV` and `Solve Rolling`

Maybe rename rule group `Build rolling` to `Build rolling horizon` this is longer but clearer.

Maybe group `Build MSV` and `Build rolling` together to a group `Build CBA` since many of the rules are rather a general preparation not strictly connected to the MSV but currently in the group (`clean_projects, clean_tyndp_indicators, simplify_sb_network, fix_reference_sb_to_cba, prepare_reference`)

```suggestion
The Cost-Benefit Analysis (CBA) workflow is implemented in `rules/cba.smk`. Rules are organised into stages: `Retrieve`, `Build MSV`, `Build rolling horizon`, `Solve`, `Postprocess` and `Benchmark`.  In addition, a `Collect` stage provides convenience target rules that run the workflow up to a given stage, aggregating each stage's output across all configured wildcards.
```

Author: I renamed `Benchmarking` to `Benchmark`, and added the extra sentence for `Collect`. I also hesitated over adding `horizon` to build rolling. However, I think it's fine, as it clarifies things. This is not mentioned much, and is only for documentation purposes.

I've added the `Solve` group. This was also something I considered when creating the structure. While I liked the chronological order of the rules, it's probably more convenient for the reader to find all the `solve` documentation together.

Regarding the grouping of `Build MSV` and `Build rolling`, I think this is similar to `Build Electricity` and `Build Sector` upstream. The latter relies on the former, but having two groups helps organise things. What do you think?

Reviewer: Yeah, I was also unsure about adding the `horizon` since the group name becomes quite long, but as you said it is just for documentation and helps to clarify the group. 

Alright, then let's stick with the two groups `Build MSV` and `Build rolling horizon`

when `cba.cba_scenario_input.use_presolved` is `true`.

## Build MSV

### Rule `clean_projects` *(checkpoint)*

::: clean_projects

### Rule `clean_tyndp_indicators`

::: clean_tyndp_indicators

### Rule `simplify_sb_network`

::: simplify_sb_network

### Rule `fix_reference_sb_to_cba`

::: fix_reference_sb_to_cba

### Rule `prepare_reference`

::: prepare_reference

### Rule `build_msv_snapshot_weightings`

::: build_msv_snapshot_weightings

### Rule `solve_cba_msv_extraction`

::: solve_cba_msv_extraction

## Build rolling

### Rule `prepare_rolling_horizon`

::: prepare_rolling_horizon

### Rule `prepare_project`

::: prepare_project

### Rule `solve_cba_reference_network`

Solves the reference network using the rolling horizon approach. Shares the script with
[`solve_cba_network`](#rule-solve_cba_network).

::: solve_cba_network

### Rule `solve_cba_network`

Solves the CBA network using the rolling horizon approach. Shares the script with [`solve_cba_reference_network`](#rule-solve_cba_reference_network).

::: solve_cba_network

## Postprocess

### Rule `make_indicators`

::: make_indicators

> ### Rule `collect_indicators`

Reviewer: maybe worth it to rename the rule since it is otherwise a bit misleading (rule belongs to group `Postprocess` but has `collect` in the name

Author: Done, I've refactored the rule to `combine_indicators`
